# List of recommended videos 

Rock [Indie/Psychedelic/Metal/Core] (guitars, drums, headbanging): 
* Toy - Motoring 	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDYMjvdCWpc 
* Abandoned By Bears - Heads or Tails 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCDXvmQzi-A 
* Metronomy - The Look 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFrNsSnk8GM 
* Deftones - You've Seen The Butcher 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woAcXSMyCEw 
* Learn to Fly - Foo Fighters Rockin'1000 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JozAmXo2bDE
* My Ticket Home - Spit Not Chewed 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oB9QxMTx1Bs 
* TOY - I'm Still Believing 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS4vsK0S1cI 
* Wage War - The River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMyv2QJCyt4 
* Vampire Weekend - Cousins 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e0u11rgd9Q 
* The 1975 - Love It If We Made It 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Wl1B7DPegc 
* Carousel Kings - Lock Meowt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EGzg51dvp0 


Pop [Urban/Trap/Reggaeton] (singing, dancing, rapping): 
* Future - Life Is Good ft. Drake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0U7SxXHkPY 
* Bruno Mars - Thats What I Like 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMivT7MJ41M 
* Drake - Energy 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LnBvuzjpr4 
* Kanye West - Mercy ft. Big Sean, Pusha T, 2 Chainz 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Dqgr0wNyPo 
* ROSALIA, Ozuna - Yo x Ti, Tu x Mi 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j3x0VYnehg 
* Lil Pump - Gucci Gang 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LfJnj66HVQ 
* Azealia Banks - 1991
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oM_9ca8hxE


Other/Animated/Stunts: 
* Tame Impala - Feels Like We Only Go Backwards 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wycjnCCgUes 
* OK Go - The One Moment 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvW61K2s0tA 
* OK Go - Obsession 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgmxMuW6Fsc
* The Horrors - Still Life 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJQk0jDZx8o 
* RÜFÜS DU SOL - Innerbloom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tx9zMFodNtA
* Tame Impala - End Of Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulk0UfItyxI
